oh hey guys um today I just wanted to
show you um today I just wanted to show
you some themes that I have found um
they're very good and I just wanted to
cheer them um so my first team is
already on here um it's called a bio a
beo and this is one of my favorites
because it goes really great with five
icon dock um and because the apps are
very small so I kind of like that um so
here's a bay oh um it is uh it's some
sort of like smaller than the regular
apps um but if you get it you can pretty
can you can really tell that there's a
few that stand out um the one bad side
to this is the messages and one sec let
me find it I put these in folders um and
the other one that stands out is the the
voice mementos I I can't find it but
it's called the voice mementos on those
do stand out but it feels really good um
there's more advantages than
disadvantages um see how that's my
favorite one that that's the one that I
use a lot um so I'm going to pause right
now and come back with my next my next
theme
alright hey guys I'm back and this is my
second favorite theme it's called
vending machine um as you can see
there's a custom slider um and I'm going
to show you what it looks like okay so
as you can see some of the icons look
like vending machines things that you
can get out of a vending machine um some
of them don't um there's some that stick
out there's some that don't but um it's
still very cool because if you can see
in the background it looks exactly like
a vending machine and yeah so you can
see the msgs one sticks out installous a
few of the apps that i've downloaded
stick out um but yeah um that's called a
vending machine and that's going to be
my second favorite app app theme um so I
have one more and i'm going to show you
that i'm going to show you um and all
i'm going to come right back
guys I'm back and this is going to be my
third favorite team it's called picnic
I'm sure you guys have heard of it um
but yes I this does come with the custom
a slider and um yes but it comes with a
lock screen too um I don't know what
that just did it kind of blurred out but
okay well you can see that the picnic a
team uh they're all like faces um so
yeah there is some that stick out like
the messages I mean that one most of the
time sticks out because these can be
both for ipod and iphone um but another
one uh that you should probably have
with this is five icon dock because it
looks really good with it as you can see
the the phone mail cydia and winterboard
and ipod those look really good with it
um yeah that's my third favorite um I
would also recommend that you would get
a theme um it's called Mac uh and it is
a really good theme I'm not going to do
it um I'm not going to show you guys
because I don't want to have to reboot
this again um but the mac theme is good
but I don't think it's as good as these
three um so yes these are my top three
right now um please comment uh I haven't
had enough people commenting and I
really really need subscribers guys so
if you'd please help me out and
subscribe um yes so thank you and have a
great day